none of it means anything I can't force
low-budget film to begin with it was
just like another job except look weird
I got dressed in the costume they put
bit song for Cora surgery there wasn't a
lot of certainty is that what it would
be
I had member i feel free lunch with Alec
Guinness and we used to go and so
practice to fight together like kids
playing in the backyard I was like holy
look at this what going on how many
actors can say they've got their own
action figure I said heard George how do
you want me to play this said well play
it like they do in the movies took the
afternoon off up to Pinewood Studios a
knock on the door same with another week
I got a call to be in Star Wars it was
just an acre I mean it just turned into
a rush not everything's gonna stay the
felt and I was quite an ingredient hurt
I suffered from like Tara would pressure
me the only thing we really got me out
this house really going dudes convention
you said pay you 300 pounds we're doing
why since I don't front I see you for
real
there's quite a lot of politicking so do
money again just kind of jealous that
you're taking a piece of their action my
face was in the movie you know Jeremy's
gonna bug you lose it what's that about
well that's purely because it's Boba
Fett I can't say anymore that it's not
my fault fans all over the world are
generally just brilliant come on some of
our read off the wall there little bit
mr. bull up at you you made a slight
look at EDS house waiting for lunch you
become friends but I just treat
everybody the same I really didn't have
that driving ambition to succeed maybe
that's where I've been going wrong
source is my main source of income was
better than sittin on your ass and
waiting for all the itch to overtake you
you don't want to be classified just as
an X X rating pilot it's a piece of that
source a piece of you know what our what
somebody's life is and I was in with a
helmet on and walking around and then
finally stopping with George Lucas he
said welcome aboard it's not a big role
but I think you'll have some fun
you kind of just go you know move on
it's the sentra vs. move along
you